Meeting #5 - 2024/09/26

Collaborators present:
Najmuddin Nazary - 40211776
Bushr Eiddo - 40099316
Edward Villamaria - 40172621
Youssef Marzouk - 40263812
Simon Kallassi - 40121987
Paoleno Nikyema - 40127111

Collaborators absent:
N/A

Duration: 18:00 to 19:30

Notes:
Simon : Merged the login, signUp and getStarted branches onto the master branches before the meeting.
Simon, Ed, Bushr : Discussed issues with branching
All: Discussed possible designs for the dashboard
All: Discussed recent changes done by individuals
All: Discussed next steps to take after Sprint 1
All: Discussed with the TA about finishing documentation, adding to the wiki (technologies and team member roles(who they are what they are doing), adding comments to issues. 
All: Discussed better practices for documentation.
