Meeting #6 - 2024/09/29 Started at 7.30pm - ended at 8.15pm

Collaborators present:
Najmuddin Nazary - 40211776
Bushr Eiddo - 40099316
Edward Villamaria - 40172621
Simon Kallassi - 40121987
Paoleno Nikyema - 40127111
Youssef Marzouk - 40263812


Collaborators absent:

N/A




Notes

1. Making sure everthing is in order before submitting our work for sprint 1.
2. Simon explained on how to incorporate nextJs into our project.
3. Discussed about styling of login and signup page to make them more mainstream and sysmmeteric.
4. Talked about on how to complete the wiki and how to complete the project section.
5. Divided the remaining tasks between the project members.
6. Paoleno Nikyema  and Edward explained on how the project tab of the github should be organised and sorted.
7. Discussing if we want to move some remaining task into sprint 2.
8. Youssef submitted the sprint 1 on Moodle. 
9. Talking and planning about next sprint.
10. 











